Random Thoughts
(How do we turn this into a service? Something like ThoughtBack [was that the thing?] but with "external" [other peoples, curated, etc] quotes and thoughts).

Harnessing the power of uncertainty
Look at how AWS is a "necessary" byproduct of Amazon and its mission. Almost a consequence or evolutionary development - certainly not a plan in its own right.

The principle SEAL taught is what he calls the 40% rule — which essentially means people feel maxed-out mentally and physically, and thus stop, when they are at only 40% of their actual capacity. Going past this 40% capacity is when it becomes uncomfortable. Thus, SEAL’s mantra, “If it doesn’t suck, we don’t do it.”

“Alright, we’re not leaving here until you do 100 more,” SEAL stated. Itzler was puzzled. “Alright, we’re gonna be here a long-time. Cause there’s no way I could do 100.”
Itzler ended-up completing the challenge, doing one pull-up at a time. Thus, SEAL convinced Itzler that he could do way more than he thought he could.

Frugality gives you options. No matter how much or how little money you make, no matter where you live, no matter your family size, no matter what your longterm goals are, no matter what your net worth is, and no matter how much you love or hate your job–frugality can deliver tremendous benefits to your life. When you have money in the bank–and aren’t living paycheck-to-paycheck–you have options in how to deploy your two most precious resources: time and money.

World is too focused on places like NYC and not exploring enough.

#BeLikeElon

Instagram AutoTagger w/ ML - "Taggart"

$50 for a single day gym pass was stupid. But at least it was a good workout :)

Do a pre and a post of each week (combine?). Crazy Ivan. 

"If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die."

They were shut down. Locked up. And forgotten. ATK.

Banks will also hire top programmers, irrespective of age and absence of financial services experience. “If you’ve worked for a spread-betting company, on embedded software in satellite companies, or in a networking role at a telecoms company, you will have encountered many of the same problems that banks face. It’s all about performance, latency issues, complex algorithms and a low fall-over rate,” says Dean Looney at recruitment firm NJF Search. “It's a lot easier to teach someone about derivatives pricing and risk than it is to make them into a world class Java or C++ developer". 

--

Vekiar

Our mission is to understand everything in the universe.
We are not interested in selling you anything. 
What about practical applications for reasearch we do? Maybe we want to be first round investors but not run the company? Make it a department and spin it off?
We want to make all knowledge about everything available to everyone. For ever.

Tag Line
A universe, understood
Understanding the universe
Universal knowledge
Zero knowledge
Sum of all knowledge (letras como símbolos matemáticos)

Components
Boris
Neja
Magoocha

"La punta de la servilleta" - how we think & learn about things.
Create a geo representation that explodes the tip into a square, into a triangle, an into infinite pyramids. Something about light traversing and showing us a different facet every time.

--

Teaching critical thinking skills.
Bootcamps around the world?
Something about creating leaders.
Something about women in tech and how to help them develop.

"...at its core, CodingNomads is a combination of things that come naturally to us — coding, teaching, marketing, travel, lifestyle design and social uplift."

--

# Paris
Le debotté shop in Paris
"...tout au long de sa carriere, aux portrait de familiers, d'anonymes, plus rarement de personnalites..."

--

“Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.”

--

"Knowledge speaks, wisdom listens"

--

Scientists act like a sieve and focus only on those phenomena that have structure and are predictable. They do not take into account all phenomena; rather, they select those phenomena they can deal with.   
Some people say that science studies all physical phenomena. This is simply not true. Who will win the next presidential election and move into the White House is a physical question that no hard scientists would venture to give an absolute prediction.

--

"Its not complicated. There's just a lot of it. And no one wants to start at the beginning."

--

Just one of those days, when nothing works and you’re just stuck being the fuck face whisperer.

--

Success is not earnt - It's BUILT

--

Google was late to the search game, they just did it better.
"Huge problems, radical solutions, breakthrough technology"

--

Be specific
Be brief and concise in your messaging / writing (emails esp)
Think about the bread and butter
Think about the low hanging fruit. 

--

Process: idea, 2x, 10x, moonshot
Focus on the user, the rest will follow (for career progression, the user is you)
Create abstraction layers and present simple interfaces to others (customers)
Focus on impact and measuring it. What is measured matters.
Networking and visibility, through focus, delivery (do what you said you'd do) and impact (for yourself and others). 

--

Ark

"So the reason I couldnt put my bag up there is you've got a fucking two star michelin restaurant in the overhead?"

Seguís siendo un IMBÉCIL. 

RISK more than others think is safe
CARE more than others think is wise
DREAM more than others think is practical
EXPECT more than others think is possible

Tumeric, black pepper, coconut oil
Mariola honey
Bio-dynamic farming, Rupert Steiner

Keep a log of the 360 types of edible bananas and which ones you've had. (BananaLog.com). 

Coding. Remote consultancy of some type. Exploits?

Trading. Automation and risk management. Build software remotely. 

Software assisted agriculture (bio-dynamics).

Surf (and stuff!) forecasting.

Travel or Surf photographer
Surfwatch.com (?)
Forecasting (tides and waves) models

Wondering and dreaming are fine. But you can't wait till the boat's built to oush it into the water.

LGN
UoLIA
!(d==true)&&g(s).d
Purpose + Meaning = Happines?

Satellite internet (+reliability?)
Volcano and surf tour Central America?

Flyertalk software assistance to calculate whatever it is those guys talk about so much?

Monotributo en Europa.
Internet satelital.
Sell shit in CR con el dude (armá un plan financiero). 
Make the world our playground.
The world is my playground.

Solve problems with software; not people.

For your wall:

If it doesn't suck it isn't worth doing. 
40% rule. No matter how tired you are, you can still do more.
Two keys to success: show up & keep going. 
Don't be a dick & get shit done.

Its all about defining yourself without regards to others' expectations of you.

It’s not about the waves, it’s about the ride. 

Soldiers are built to take orders and fight wars.
So what happens when you are not at war?
Decide to change the world, instead of rage against it.

You practice until you cannot get it wrong (not until you get it right).

--

"A bad day of surf is better than a good day at work" - El Dudy. ("Work" = Office). 

--

"If it's not a FUCK YES, it is a NO" - Lau.

--

"Build the kind of life that says I told you so. Without saying a fucking word" - Mark Bell. 

--

"Writing is often the process through which you realise you do not understand what you are talking about" - Shane Parrish.

--